# Distinctiveness and Complexity
This project is a webpage (HTML file) generator. User can choose various input fields, including headings, texts and lists to generate an HTML file for webpage. This project is completely different from previous projects, such as social network, mail, or e-commerce. It has a different overall function (webpage generating), different model structures (users and projects), and different JavaScript responses (dynamically control input fields and display user inputs in real time). 

This project meets the complexity requirement. First, it uses multiple urls and view functions in the Django webframe, including a home page, an instruction page, a creation page, a profile page, project pages and user-related pages (login, logout and register). Second, it contains thorough introduction and instructions for users. Third, it takes advantage of JavaScript and lets users dynamically control different input fields (different headings, texts and unordered lists). This was not used in any previous projects. Fourth, it lets users view different inputs in real time via "oninput" functions. This is a new function to me. Finally, it provides options for users to delete and edit their own projects. Converting HTML back into input fields during editing was a challenge, but I was able to achieve it using beautiful soup and python. This was not used in previous projects. 

# File Components
The Django project is called "final", and the app within final is called "webpage". "requirements.txt" contains python modules used. 
Within the webpage app, the "static" folder contains the CSS file. The "templates" folder contains HTML templates, including layout, index (home), instruction, create, profile, project, login and register. "admin.py" contains an admin app. "models.py" contains two Django models, User and Project. "urls.py" contains urls for the webpage app, including index (home), instruction, create, profile, project, login, logout and register. "views.py" contains python functions for each url, including index, create, instruction, profile, project, login, logout and register. 

# Run Application
After downloading this Django project, run "python manage.py runserver" and open the provided url in your browser. Login or Register is required. Then click on "Create" to create a new webpage project. A title is required (it will be the title in your webpage tag). Then click on the options on the left to add different input fields. While you are typing in the textarea, the input will be displayed at the bottom of the page, with the same format shown in the webpage. You can save your project at anytime. Finally, the profile page shows you all your projects in a list. Click "Delete" to delete any project. Click the title to see any project. Within the project page, click "Edit" to change your inputs inside a create page. 

# Additional Note
When I was working on this final project, the two biggest challenges are to dynamically display input fields by users and to edit user's projects in a create page. The first problem can be achieved by JavaScript: onclick each option, add the corresponding input field into the div view. However, in order to keep the input values, "appendChild" should be used rather than "innerHTML+=". The second problem can be addressed using beautiful soup, a python module, to convert the previous HTML back to input fields with previous values. 
